---
title: 2020 Trestleboard
layout: page
---

## 2020 Calendar of Events

The calendar for the coming year of Esoterika Lodge №227 is as follows:

 -  Wednesday, 8 January 2020 -- Stated Meeting at 7:30pm
 -  Wednesday, 12 February 2020 -- Stated Meeting at 7:30pm
 -  Saturday, 21 March 2020 -- **CANCELLED BY ORDER OF THE GRAND MASTER**
 -  Wednesday, 8 April 2020 -- **CANCELLED BY ORDER OF THE GRAND MASTER**
 -  Wednesday, 13 May 2020 -- **CANCELLED BY ORDER OF THE GRAND MASTER**
 -  Saturday, 20 June 2020 -- Scholarly Presentation & Refreshments at 5:00pm. Stated Meeting at 7:00pm
    * [Angel Millar discusses his book, The Three Stages of Initiatic Spirituality: Craftsman, Warrior, Magician.](angelmillar/) Due to restrictions because of COVID-19, this will be an online lecture. Please follow the link above to register and get more information.
 -  July/August 2020 -- DARK
 -  Saturday, 19 September 2020 -- Scholarly Presentation at 5:00pm. Stated Meeting at 7:00pm
    * [David Tate on the Historical Philosophies in American Medicine](2020-davidtate/)
      &mdash; Due to restrictions because of COVID-19, this will be an
      online lecture. Please follow the link to register for this online lecture.
 -  Wednesday, 14 October 2020 -- Stated Meeting at 7:30pm
 -  Wednesday, 11 November 2020 -- Stated Meeting at 7:30pm
 -  Saturday, 19 December 2020 -- Scholarly Presentation at 5:00pm. Stated Meeting at 7:00pm
    * [Egyptian Origins of Washington, D.C.: African Gods in America's Capital by Earle Mitchell](2020-earlemitchell/)
      &mdash; Due to restrictions because of COVID-19, this will be an
      online lecture. Please follow the link to register for this online lecture.
